Since a trademark is not a
noun, it must never be used
in possessive form. For
example, one would not refer
to "Java's features" but
rather to "...the features of
the Java[TM] technology" or
"the Java[TM] technology's
features."

Licensees under certain
commercial license agreements
with Sun, including those who
have passed the certification
testing for Sun's 100% Pure
JavaTM program, may be
granted express permission to
name their products using the
"XYZ for JavaTM" format. If
you are a commercial licensee
and wish to use the "XYZ for
Java" format, please contact
Sun Microsystems Marketing
(marketing@java.sun.com) for
a license. [Note: the "Java
for XYZ" format is not
permitted at all.]

C.The Java mark appears in
many of the license
agreements as all upper case
(JAVA). This capitalization
is a result of conventions
for writing legal documents
and is not correct for
general usage. Correct
capitalization is "Java[TM]"
followed by an appropriate
noun such as "technology" or
"platform".

Communicates across public
and private X.25 networks
with other systems running
X.25; can be used with both
leased and dial-up lines.
