The Title

This is   the first sentence.

This is a test. (Can the
segmenter handle parens?)
This is a new sentence.


Effectively, the starting
point could be an
implementation priced a as
little as $40,000. Through a
phased approach, these
initial investments are
usually scaled to connect
several geographically
distant facilities and data
centers.

A: Companies already
collaborate internally among
business units and externally
with suppliers and partners
using face-to-face meetings,
faxes, phone calls and
email.

Service Listings describing
the Product or Service to be
delivered by Sun and Customer
obligations relating to such
Products or Services are set
forth at:
http://www.sun.com/service/servicelist/index.html.

Some 300 improvements,
including new security tools,
additional integrated
applications and a wider
range of system configuration
tools, will be included in
Solaris 9, which will be
unveiled May 22. Among the
key upgrades are the tight
integration of Sun ONE
Directory Server 5.1, Solaris
9 Resource Manager and
Solaris Volume Manager into
the operating system core,
adding new capabilities for
systems administrators to
have further control of
applications and hardware for
improved performance.



Sun announced general
availability of StarOffice
6.0 software, the full-
featured office productivity
suite that runs across
multiple platforms, including
Linux, Solaris and Windows on
May 21. StarOffice 6.0
software provides customers
with an economical
alternative to proprietary
office productivity suites
that are expensive and have
restrictive licensing
policies.


The StarOffice 6.0 office
productivity suite (branded
StarSuite in Asian markets)
retail offering has a U.S.
Manufacturer's Suggested
Retail Price of $75.95.
Education customers pay only
for the cost of the media
(CD-ROM) and shipping.

At the conference, Scott
McNealy pledged to put a
billion dollars into Linux at
Sun. With this announcement,
Sun established three goals
for the coming year: Sun will
ship for the first time a
full implementation of Linux
on a new line of
general-purpose servers (code
named Big Bear) aimed at
providing "edge" services to
environments such as
workgroups and remote
offices.


This JumpStart! will help you
get familiar with Sun's grid
computing vision and industry
coverage of grid computing,
as well as direct you to some
technical and community
resources on grid computing
structures, and Linux is
gaining ground in the battle
to win mindshare among IT
managers.

He works at Sun. So does
she.

